drums bass drums bass
[Music]
striding down the street headphones in
trying to play it cool
on the inside though you're scared out
of your mind
five minutes ago you realized your
headphones are stuck
inside your ears it's no joke you try to
pull them out but they won't budge
the music isn't helping either it seems
like they're part of your head
cute little bluetooth headphones somehow
got molded
into your ears when did that happen
you strut home and try to pull them out
again harder this time
oh but it's hopeless it's like trying to
pull your finger
off only one thing to do fall asleep
and hope that tomorrow everything just
somehow works itself out
good night 5 a.m
you sit up and feel pain you slept most
of the night on your left side
basically shoving one earbud even
further in
now it's so painful you can't even touch
it no time for breakfast
you run out of the house and grab a ride
to the nearest hospital
the doctor looks like he just saw a
ghost that's never a good sign
he admits that he's never seen anything
like this in his life
the x-ray confirms it the headphones
have become part of your skull
and there's nothing you can do about it
he tells you not to sleep on your side
anymore
and not to listen to too much music
speaking of music
he asks what gadget are you connected to
right now
you point over at your phone then your
favorite song comes on
weird you look over at the doctor and at
that very moment
your song switches to some upbeat pop
thing
that song isn't even on your playlist
it's horrible
oh cool never mind it turned off by
itself
no wait you did that you just stopped
the song
with your mind awesome
you leave the hospital and walk home
listening to a sad song
it starts to rain you feel like your
life is ruined
how are you gonna survive with
headphones attached to your ears
all those negative thoughts and wham
another song
but this time you didn't do anything
then
whose music are you listening to you
notice a guy walking right at you
you stop and wait for him to pass once
he's half a block away
the music stops a woman in stylish
clothes with headphones
comes around the corner and you suddenly
hear indie rock
now you stop at a traffic light and hear
like five different music genres
all at the same time what's happening
with the power of your mind you change
all that noise
into one soothing song a skateboarder
rolls past
you hear old-school garage rock wait a
minute
i can listen to other people's playlists
you don't feel so sad anymore
you feel like a superhero not the
greatest superpower but still
take the win you pass by a construction
site
look over at a young guy lifting wooden
beams you hear some sweet dubstep
then the man operating the crane catches
your eye
country music starts blasting from your
headphones
you walk down the sidewalk and listen to
every passerby's favorite jams
there's a little old woman with glasses
coming out of a department store
you look at her she winks then you hear
a whole lot of hip-hop yo granny
you go further and see a beautiful woman
the clouds disperse
and the sun rays fall on her face she
floats along and smiles
you spot the headphones in her ears whoa
it feels like a laser just went right
through your brain
she's blasting some sort of growl rock
at
max volume by the end of the day
you're exhausted from listening to other
people's playlists
time for a bit of well-earned silence
your ears are super itchy
but you can't get your fingers in there
the skin on your ears is getting kinda
irritated
this superpower is getting worse by the
minute
the next day you try to wash out your
ears so you pour water in
but nothing comes back out oh that's bad
extra moisture in your ear can cause a
lot of bacteria to show up and set up
camp
you start feeling weird and end up back
at the hospital
the doctor says it's going to be
impossible to live like this
long term headphones irritate your skin
cells don't get enough oxygen all that
dirt and microbe activity can seriously
damage your hearing
okay time to get serious you hire a
wacky scientist to create ultra thin
electronic
ear cleaning sticks each tube is
flexible and thin enough to squeeze past
the headphones
one stick washes out all the bacteria
with a disinfectant
and cools down the ear so it doesn't
swell up too much
the second stick is like a mini hair
dryer taking care of any extra moisture
in there
this all means going to the doctor twice
a week after a month
you find out that your hearing's getting
worse bit by bit
those little sticks aren't doing
anything
your life starts to feel like a constant
random playlist you can't even sleep
through the night anymore
at 3 am a car passes by and you hear
some quirky synth pop
the neighbors come home late and wake
you up with their we made it through
another day
epic 80s playlist you can control what
you hear
but only if you're awake time to take
drastic measures
you rent a house on the edge of a forest
where no one can bother you
now that you can finally sleep you start
to realize that it's super
interesting to listen to other people's
music you start to understand them much
better
you have this friend who's always joking
around and loves to have fun
but for some reason his playlist is all
sad dark songs
one day you decide to talk to him heart
to heart you find out that he's really
unhappy
but he just got used to hiding it behind
a mask of fun
after a few weeks of hanging out
together you start to hear
good positive music on his phone hey you
did that
soon you decide to put the music on
pause
now you're all into podcasts and
educational audio courses
you pick up new languages insanely fast
since you can just have them on 24 7.
you enjoy everything from quantum
physics lectures to interviews with
formula one drivers
your headphones make you incredibly
smart
one day while listening to lessons about
renewable energy sources
you start to wonder how do your
headphones still have a charge
shouldn't they have turned off ages ago
you roll up to the nearest physics
research center and tell the scientists
about your unique case
after a bunch of research it turns out
your headphones get energy from tiny
electrical charges
created by your body they also tell you
that your skin and cartilage
have fused to the rubber and plastic of
the headphones
they're now officially an organic part
of your body
your ears adapt to the new conditions
and develop their own
immune system you no longer need to go
to the doctors for a cleaning
all you gotta do now is wipe the outer
part of the headphones
no more worrying about your health 24 7.
one night you're listening to classical
music and suddenly
it turns off you hear a bizarre muffled
sound
are those human voices or some sort of
machine or
animal no definitely voices but they're
too quiet
too mangled up you can't figure out what
they're talking about
in the beginning it doesn't bother you
that much but the voices start visiting
you every night
they speak different languages the whole
thing is just plain creepy
you're scared are you going mad you're
afraid to sleep with the lights off
one day you wake up to the sound of
hundreds of different voices
they're screaming or laughing or asking
you for something
you run out of the bedroom and go to the
balcony to get some fresh air
and suddenly wham the voices stop
and all you hear is soft jazz
you head out pretty soon you're
surrounded by a forest
there's no one around you notice the
volume and sound quality keep
changing as you shift your feet you look
up there's a massive antenna
whoa your headphones must be connected
to it somehow
you've been listening to the radio this
whole time